#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via semantic-kernel
aioice==0.10.1
    # via aiortc
aiortc==1.11.0
    # via semantic-kernel
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
av==14.3.0
    # via aiortc
azure-ai-projects==1.0.0b10
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-core==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-projects
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
azure-identity==1.22.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   semantic-kernel
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.9.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.10.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.9.0
    # via azure-keyvault
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   aiortc
    #   cryptography
    #   pylibsrtp
chardet==5.2.0
    # via prance
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
cloudevents==1.11.0
    # via semantic-kernel
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   aiortc
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   pyopenssl
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via semantic-kernel
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via cloudevents
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via aioice
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via aiortc
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ifaddr==0.2.0
    # via aioice
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via opentelemetry-api
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-ai-projects
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   openapi-core
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   semantic-kernel
jiter==0.9.0
    # via openai
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-schema-validator
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-path==0.3.4
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-spec-validator
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   openapi-schema-validator
lazy-object-proxy==1.11.0
    # via openapi-spec-validator
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via openapi-core
msal==1.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via semantic-kernel
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   scipy
    #   semantic-kernel
openai==1.78.0
    # via semantic-kernel
openapi-core==0.19.5
    # via semantic-kernel
openapi-schema-validator==0.6.3
    # via
    #   openapi-core
    #   openapi-spec-validator
openapi-spec-validator==0.7.1
    # via openapi-core
opentelemetry-api==1.33.0
    # via
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   opentelemetry-semantic-conventions
    #   semantic-kernel
opentelemetry-sdk==1.33.0
    # via semantic-kernel
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.54b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   deprecation
    #   gunicorn
    #   prance
parse==1.20.2
    # via openapi-core
pathable==0.4.4
    # via jsonschema-path
prance==25.4.8.0
    # via semantic-kernel
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pybars4==0.9.13
    # via semantic-kernel
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   semantic-kernel
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via semantic-kernel
pyee==13.0.0
    # via aiortc
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pylibsrtp==0.12.0
    # via aiortc
pymeta3==0.5.1
    # via pybars4
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via aiortc
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via jsonschema-path
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   jsonschema-path
    #   msal
    #   prance
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via openapi-schema-validator
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via prance
scipy==1.15.3
    # via semantic-kernel
semantic-kernel==1.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   azure-ai-projects
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   fastapi
    #   openai
    #   openapi-core
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyee
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via -r requirements.in
websockets==15.0.1
    # via semantic-kernel
werkzeug==3.1.1
    # via openapi-core
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via deprecated
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
